we begin in Gaza where the Israeli
military has been carrying out more air
strikes in Northern and Central Gaza
fighting on the ground is also
concentrated in southern
Gaza artillery shelling and explosions
have been heard around the NASA medical
complex in Kan Yunis in the South
Israeli forces have besieged a hospital
for days there's no electricity and
staff and patients remain trapped gaza's
Health Ministry says
26750 people have been killed during
Israel's war on Gaza so far and wet
weather is worsening the humanitarian
crisis there rain over the past few days
has flooded makeshift camps tens of
thousands of displaced Palestinians
already lack basic shelter to protect
them from the winter cold many face
starvation with no food or
water there are no blankets or clothes
the rain has drowned us us and we are
unable to hang our clothes out to dry
there are no beds no warmth and not even
food for the children to eat there is no
milk for this child this is a war of
extermination which has destroyed us in
the history of Palestine such a war has
never happened let's get an update on
the situation in Gaza and speak to Al
jazer hanim Mahmud who's in Rafa for us
in southern Gaza honey bring us up to
speed with what's been happening
overnight and this morning
yes well unfortunately there's only more
death destruction and displacement
across Gaza Strip as Israeli Relentless
air strikes and artillery Shing continue
to pound across the strip from north to
south mly concentrated in overnight and
within the past two days in the northern
part of the Gaza Strip and Gaza City
particularly in the central part of Gaza
City in a remal neighborhood where more
evacuation centers were raided by the
Israeli military large number of people
were arrested but in jabalia where uh
more residential homes were targeted and
destroyed and around the vicinity of ala
Hospital a hospital has been
stormed last month by the Israeli
military and was the vast majority of
its properties and Facilities were
destroyed in the central area looking at
more residential buildings were targeted
and
large areas of public facilities in Al B
refugee camp as well as the noat refugee
camp block two with more residential
homes and a residential blocks being
destroyed more people are forced into
internal displacement in the central
areas in Khan Unice where most of the
fighting is taken a place in the
southern part of the city in an Nar area
gizan and naria that's at the southern
part of the city at the edges of RA City
and further to the western part of Khan
Unice and around the vicinity of Al AML
hospital that was stormed last night by
the Israeli tanks that destroyed the
vicinity of the compound the compound
includes the the headquarters for the
Palestine rck prestent society and
another building for the emergency and
ambulance department and a hospital self
were hundreds of displaced Palestinians
have been Sheltering inside the hospital
10 people reported injured they're more
into the uh updates coming within the
coming hours that there's still a
partial blackout across the Gaza Strip
yeah and healthc Care Facilities as you
described there honey on the verge of
collapse but I understand there's a
little bit of good news for NASA
Hospital which has received a fuel
shipment
yes will naer Hospital the largest
public health facility in the city of
Han unun was it gradually being pushed
out of service as there not only extreme
shortage of medical supplies and
exhausted medical staff has ran out of
space as well but also the fuel that has
ran out from the hospital within the
past few days that to the point that it
it was forced to shut down major
department
including ICU as well as the couple of
the the surgery rooms uh or the
operations room in the hospital just put
the risk of of many put the life of many
people at at risk but as of yesterday
the hona despite the the efforts by the
Israeli military to erod its work across
the Gaza Strip it managed to deliver a
couple trucks of fuel to the hospital in
an attempt just to sustain its work and
operations and in combating the grave
conditions at the hospital we're looking
at a health facility that is not only
running out of space as well as the
medical supplies but also in terms of of
intervention and proper medical
intervention the to continue uh offering
the the necessary medical treatment to
injuries as well as to those with with
lifethreatening conditions and also
services for those who have been
Sheltering and inside the hospital this
will sustain the hospital for at least a
week uh but uh there has to be according
to a hospital official there has to be a
a solution for this problem as the
hospital doesn't have to go back uh to
this problem once again honey thank you
so much for the update hany Mahmud live
for us in Rafa in southern Gaza